the senior bed of dynamic consist of three appliances
the tmx 98 shredder with whom fixed
The removable gmbh 250 colcci shredder
and the combo come f250 with removable accessories shredder
hitachi all
the bed holders pointed out that china does not understand the arch 300
millimeters
Colon had option to stainless steel bell
the blade esteche and metal to ensure a duration much higher than
a standard blade
very manoeuvrable and lightweight the bed sr appliances are ideal for preparing
penalties of up to 40 liters and are characterized by their robustness and
power
The assembly and disassembly system of the accessories is very simple with a
simple quarter turn
It is both very safe the sturdy both for the graduated foot and for dodging
chinese
All engines in the SR range are equipped with double insulation
security button for start-up
the variator of speed of the model with life allows to regulate the speed
third for nine thousand revolutions in version crusher and third ducks
thousand in beach version and 2
the two taxi rods are made of stainless steel imitate 200 thousand meters
arc
They are easily izik cables
to allow cleaning and caranquis harmonize and total
The devices of the sr bed are in full compliance with the regulations of
hygiene and safety indicated
the maintenance and cleaning of appliances and children are very simple and
fast
the lady sra pekín before the bed history between power and manageability